# portfoliopublic

This portfolio showcases As a data scientist and machine learning expert, 
I have built a portfolio that demonstrates my expertise and work. As well 
as unsupervised learning and regression classification, it focuses on 
model interpretability using SHAP (SHapley Additive Explanations). My 
private portfolio also includes projects that can be requested upon 
request.

Unsupervised Learning

As part of my research, I have used algorithms such as clustering, 
dimensionality reduction, and generative models to explore patterns and 
structures within unlabeled datasets. Through these projects, I have 
gained valuable insights and made data-driven decisions without the need 
for explicit guidance or labels.

Regression Classification

The combination of regression and classification tasks was sometimes 
necessary in some projects. A combination of regression and classification 
algorithms allowed me to tackle problems involving the prediction of both 
continuous values and discrete classes. As a result of these projects, I 
have gained a deeper understanding of handling complex data scenarios and 
adapting machine learning techniques to meet specific needs.

SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations)

My goal is to understand and explain the contributions of individual 
features in predictive models using the SHAP framework. By quantifying the 
impact of each feature on the model's predictions, I gained insights into 
the factors driving the outcomes and enhanced the transparency of the 
models I developed.

Private Portfolio

In addition to the projects showcased here, I maintain a private portfolio 
that contains projects not publicly available. Among these projects are 
natural language processing, deep learning, and time series analysis. 
Please contact me if you wish to access my private portfolio or discuss 
specific projects.
